<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
  <title>The &lt;except&gt; Element</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../mbgstyle.css" />
</head>
<body>
<h1>The &lt;except&gt; Element</h1>
<p>The &lt;except&gt; element is used to specify an exception to a set of columns
that are ignored by a regular expression in a
<a href="ignoreColumnsByRegex.html">&lt;ignoreColumnsByRegex&gt;</a> element.
This allows you to specify a very general
regular expression to ignore a large set of columns, then add columns back into
the set of columns used for code generation.</p>
<p>For example, if you specify a regular
expression like "<code>.*</code>" then MBG will ignore every column in a table.
But if you add exceptions, you can add a few columns back.
This element is an optional child
element of the <a href="ignoreColumnsByRegex.html">&lt;ignoreColumnsByRegex&gt;</a> element.</p>

<h2>Required Attributes</h2>
<table border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5">
  <tr>
    <th>Attribute</th>
    <th>Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>column</td>
    <td>The column name of the exception column.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

<h2>Optional Attributes</h2>
<table border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5">
  <tr>
    <th>Attribute</th>
    <th>Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>delimitedColumnName</td>
    <td>If <code>true</code> then MBG will perform a case-sensitive exact
        match when matching against returned columns from the database.  If
        <code>false</code> (default) then the name is considered case-insensitive.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

<h2>Child Elements</h2>
<p>None</p>

</body>
</html>
